#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
--extra-index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu118

absl-py==2.2.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
accelerate==0.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   diffusers
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.14
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
altair==4.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
bitsandbytes==0.44.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
dadaptation==3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
diffusers[torch]==0.25.0
    # via -r requirements.in
easygui==0.98.3
    # via -r requirements.in
einops==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lycoris-lora
entrypoints==0.4
    # via altair
fairscale==0.4.13
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   triton
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via tensorflow
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
ftfy==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   open-clip-torch
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.13.0
    # via tensorflow
huggingface-hub==0.24.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   diffusers
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via diffusers
jax==0.4.38
    # via tensorflow
jaxlib==0.4.38
    # via jax
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   torch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
keras==2.12.0
    # via tensorflow
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
lightning-utilities==0.14.2
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
lion-pytorch==0.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
lycoris-lora==3.1.1.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.7
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.5.1
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   altair
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   diffusers
    #   fairscale
    #   h5py
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   xformers
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
open-clip-torch==2.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
opencv-python==4.8.1.78
    # via -r requirements.in
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   tensorflow
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   tensorflow
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via altair
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   torchvision
prodigyopt==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
propcache==0.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
psutil==7.0.0
    # via accelerate
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
pytorch-lightning==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   timm
    #   transformers
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   transformers
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rich==13.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.23.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
safetensors==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   diffusers
    #   transformers
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via open-clip-torch
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
sympy==1.13.3
    # via torch
tensorboard==2.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.12.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.37.1
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.5.0
    # via tensorflow
timm==0.6.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   open-clip-torch
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lycoris-lora
toolz==1.0.0
    # via altair
torch==2.1.2+cu118
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   diffusers
    #   fairscale
    #   lion-pytorch
    #   lycoris-lora
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   timm
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   xformers
torchmetrics==1.7.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.16.2+cu118
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   timm
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lycoris-lora
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
transformers==4.48.0
    # via -r requirements.in
triton==2.1.0
    # via torch
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   multidict
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   referencing
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
tzdata==2025.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via requests
voluptuous==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via ftfy
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow
xformers==0.0.23.post1+cu118
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
